Change feed start time multi write coverage (#36257)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

used by a container which is also part of the connection warm-up flow. - See [PR 36225](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36225)

#### Other Changes

> * Added coverage for `ChangeFeedProcessor#handleLatestVersionChanges` to read change feed from a custom start time for multi-write accounts. - See[PR 36257](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36257)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added coverage for `ChangeFeedProcessor` in `Latest Version` change feed mode to read change feed from a custom start time for multi-write accounts. - See[PR 36257](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/36257)
```

Author: Fixed in next iteration.
